#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   etils
    #   mediapipe
    #   mediapipe-model-maker
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-slim
array-record==0.4.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==23.1.0
    # via mediapipe
bleach==6.1.0
    # via kaggle
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via sounddevice
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   qt5-tools
    #   tensorflow-datasets
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.6
    # via tf-models-official
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
etils[array-types,enp,epath,epy,etqdm,etree]==1.5.2
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.46.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2023.12.1
    # via etils
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-api-core==2.14.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.109.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-auth==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.61.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.59.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.6
    # via requests
immutabledict==4.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via etils
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
kaggle==1.5.16
    # via tf-models-official
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
lxml==4.9.3
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.5.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   pycocotools
    #   tf-models-official
mediapipe==0.10.8
    # via mediapipe-model-maker
mediapipe-model-maker==0.2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapipe
    #   mediapipe-model-maker
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqeval
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via tf-models-official
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-contrib-python==4.8.1.78
    # via mediapipe
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via mediapipe-model-maker
opencv-python-headless==4.8.1.78
    # via tf-models-official
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-addons
pandas==2.1.3
    # via tf-models-official
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tf-models-official
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via sacrebleu
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tf-models-official
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via tf-models-official
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pyqt5==5.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyqt5-sip==12.13.0
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5-stubs==5.14.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via kaggle
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via tf-models-official
qt5-applications==5.15.2.2.3
    # via qt5-tools
qt5-tools==5.15.2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2023.10.3
    # via sacrebleu
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   kaggle
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
sacrebleu==2.3.3
    # via tf-models-official
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via seqeval
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tf-models-official
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via tf-models-official
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via tf-models-official
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-pasta
    #   kaggle
    #   oauth2client
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
sounddevice==0.4.6
    # via mediapipe
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.15.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.0
    # via
    #   mediapipe-model-maker
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-addons==0.23.0
    # via mediapipe-model-maker
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.3
    # via
    #   mediapipe-model-maker
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.15.0
    # via
    #   mediapipe-model-maker
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.14.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-model-optimization==0.7.5
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-text==2.15.0
    # via tf-models-official
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tf-models-official==2.15.0
    # via mediapipe-model-maker
tf-slim==1.1.0
    # via tf-models-official
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   etils
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorflow-datasets
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
